<h3>Academy Modules Layout</h3>

Hack The Box was initially created to give technical professionals a safe place to practice and develop hacking skills and was not ideally suited for beginners starting their IT/Security journeys. Hack The Box began as solely a competitive CTF platform with a mix of machines and challenges, each awarding varying amounts of points depending on the difficulty, to be solved from a "black box" approach, with no walkthrough, guidance, or even hints. As the platform evolved, we saw the need for more beginner-friendly content and a guided learning approach to supplement the competitive side of the platform. With that goal in mind, HTB Academy was born. We aim to provide beginner-friendly content while helping mid-level and advanced practitioners upskill in various areas. We also offer Starting Point on the main HTB platform, which aims to help users become more comfortable attacking individual targets using a guided approach and eventually transitioning to solving boxes independently and even playing the competitive boxes. Each person likely has their personal opinion of HTB, and it may not be for everyone. However, we would like to take the time to explain our point of view as experienced IT specialists from various fields, with many years of combined experience and different journeys from beginners to where we are today.

IT (Information Technology) is a major business function of most organizations that focuses on building, administering, and supporting the computer technology used by organizations to achieve their mission. IT is a term often used to encompass many specialized sub-disciplines like Cybersecurity, Information Security, Software Development, Database Administration, Network Administration, and more. To become "good" in this field requires considerable practice and effort. Cyber security can be a very challenging discipline because it requires the basic knowledge necessary for a typical IT specialist and a much deeper understanding of all areas (networking, Linux and Windows systems administration, scripting, databases, etc.). We don't need to be experts in every single area of IT. However, the more experience and knowledge we have, the easier our job as an IT security specialist or penetration tester will become. We cannot work confidently as penetration testers if we don't have a deep understanding of the technologies we are assessing. For example, a web developer focuses only on developing web applications and websites. This generally requires knowledge of HTML, JavaScript, CSS, SQL, and server-side programming languages, such as PHP. Even if the developer has over ten years of experience in his field, it only takes one mistake for the entire web server to be unusable or for data to be stolen. As an attacker, the trick is to find a way to identify and exploit these errors.

With this in mind, we have laid a foundation for our students because, in our experience, it is hard to know where to start. We have structured and built our learning material so that it may seem difficult at first, but with time you will realize that this is the easiest and most efficient way to teach such complex material efficiently. We want to make the learning process as easy and efficient as possible while emphasizing the core fundamentals and returning to them repeatedly. For example, many of our tasks are set up to get you to think in a certain way. We do this to help you develop the essential analytical skills that are imperative to be successful in a field that can have so much uncertainty. We want to help craft professionals who see things differently and question everything, which ultimately can help deliver more value to clients if you're able to find nuanced issues that other testers miss. We can't teach analytical skills and the ability to dig deeper and "question everything" in one single module or path. This can be compared to playing a musical instrument. We can't learn to play the guitar well without considerable practice. We can learn everything about a guitar, the history of guitars, the name of every component, etc., but if we pick one up without practice, we will not be able to produce music that is equivalent to our knowledge of guitars. This is the same in the field of penetration testing. We may know everything about the history of computers and be able to describe every component, but without deep hands-on experience, we won't be able to perform penetration testing at a high level.

The remainder of this section will explain how we have structured the modules in the way that we did to give you insight into our thought process and teaching philosophy. Our primary focus is creating engaging and empowering training resources that benefit individuals at ALL skill levels.

The module listing shown corresponds to the sequence we recommend for beginners or advanced users who are 'stuck' to follow, in order to improve in specific areas at each stage of the penetration testing process.
